There are only 2 perspectives: the objective and the subjective. 
 	The objective perspective is the truth of our existence. It encompasses the only fundamental forces of nature I know of yet: the something and the nothing.
	The something is what we see, interact with, and are at all times (at least as far as I know). Us, trees, rocks, and -- more basically -- light, are all something. This is our humanistic perspective on the world, however. Fundamentally, nothing exists as objects: entities with which humans and other animals can interact with the world utilizing. Fundamentally, something exists with or without our or other animals' knowledge of it. Something is neither monistic nor pluralistic, and even though we exist within its domain and can only interact within its domain, we are unable to understand it fundamentally. The only time we will "understand" something's nature fundamentally is after death, in which we no longer exist, and also in which we can no longer understand anything. Something is that which simply is, and that which also tends toward not being. Hard science, while a subjective field, is as close as we humans can get to applicable and objective tools pertaining to our interaction with the something. Through rigorous experiment, study, research, etc., etc., scientists create objects with which humans can use to properly create and interact with the real world while not being subject to the sometimes dangerous whims of the subjective human mind (at least in theory).
	The nothing is the complete opposite of the something. We cannot imagine the nothing, as a result of it being that: pure nothingness. Most people conceptualize this by imagining what they experienced (or imagining their lack of experience) prior to their point of beginning existence (consciousness at an early age for some would be this point; for others they imagine themselves as beginning existence in the womb; some religious readers may imagine their existence beginning as a spirit in heaven or a similar realm; whatever works for you works for me). This would be a fallacy, however, because that nothing is within the domain of, again, something. That "nothing" can still be imagined. The fundamental force of the nothing is beyond imagination, as a result of the brain and us, along with all of our tools and concepts, such as the language I am using to write this sentence, being within something's domain of existence. The nothing may not have even been in its purest form prior to the universe's birth, because the Big Bang was, in itself, something, and modern science cannot determine whether or not there was or wasn't something before. Nothing is that which lacks anything, and that which something tends towards becoming. No nullology -- study of nothing -- exists, outside of a subfield of set theory with the same name "nullology" that studies empty sets (which has zero to do with what we are talking about).
	A 3rd connective force, known as entropy, exists between the 2 forces. Entropy is the tendency for something to move towards becoming nothing. Taken from physics, this idea is best seen within the phenomena of things moving towards a disorderly state: the universe expanding, causing matter to stretch to infinitely smaller forms; ice cubes melting; and hot drinks cooling. All objects within the domain of something want to cease to exist and become nothing, implying that their stable form (if within a stable form) must undergo great disorder, slowly but steadily increasing entropy over time until the object ceases to exist; until the object is torn to nothing. Opposite to this are temporary states of great order and structure, or states of low entropy. We humans (along with all other creatures, including plants and fungi) are examples of temporary, low-entropy structures.
	Life, I would argue, is something which holds an amount of sense (for humans, sense in regards to the 5 senses; for bacteria, a minimal experience of 4 of the 5 senses; etc.) and is able to restabilize itself, (that is to say, when a human gets sick {obtaining a high-entropic state within a low-entropic structure}, it can rest for a period of time {usually} to restabilize itself to a low-entropic state) as well as create low entropic structures from its surrounding environment (killing animals to use them as food; building structures out of various objects; etc.). To restate with fewer parentheses: life is something that holds an amount of sense and is able to restabilize itself, as well as create low entropic structures from its surrounding environment. Humans hold 5 relatively complex senses (sight, touch, hearing, smell, and taste), can restabilize themselves to attain a low-entropy state, and can create structures in the form of tools, food, and other objects out of pre-existing objects in their surrounding environment. Trees have potentially 20 or more senses, but are known to have all 5 basal senses to some extent, hold the ability to restabilize themselves by growing surely closer to the nearest solar light source (among other forms of restabilization), and can create low entropic structures out of their surrounding environment in the form of creating glucose from solar light and water (among other forms of low-entropic structure creation). Life, nonetheless, still shifts structurally toward more disorder as time goes on. Life is still, like the rest of something, subject to the force of entropy.
	Furthermore, as previously stated, life cannot, at least not purely, experience the world and themselves from an objective perspective. Rather, all of life experiences existence from a subjective perspective.
	The subjective perspective is the perspective of all life and relies not on the objective perspective but on the sensory and mental experiences of all individuals, as well as the communication and understanding of those experiences between individuals and their forming collectives, such as civilizations and societies. As a result, the subjective is a perspective devoid of absolute knowledge, truth, meaning, or whatever; and, although we can embrace the objective perspective, we cannot fully look at it, as a result of all living things interacting with the world strictly from the subjective perspective. The subjective perspective can be further divided into the different kingdoms and domains of life, divided into the individual species within these domains, and divided even further into the collective and individualistic perspectives, both of which hold large numbers of perspectives. 
	In reference to the collective, this includes familial, cultural, and economic perspectives, among many other factor-related perspectives, as well as combinations of these factor-related perspectives. The collective perspectives simply encompass the various experiences that people share with each other. In the modern world, a global capitalistic perspective exists that (almost) all people have had to interact with both individually and collectively at some point. Within a family, a prevailing conception of rituals, habits, and norms is set. This would be that individual family's unique collective perspective, for example.
	In reference to the individual, this perspective exists uniquely for you and all other people and animals on their own. The individual's perspective is purely of and for the individual experiencing it, and no one else can know the individual's perspective, at least not without muddying it with their own experiences, thoughts, and interactions with and between the world and their own minds. As an example, take all I have written on these pages. I interpret them one way, you interpret them another, and although, theoretically speaking, there is a chance you would be able to come up with the same exact words, concepts; basically write all I am currently writing without one difference, you would be doing it using a different experiential and interactive stock than me. The reasons you would be writing what you write would be totally different than my reasons for writing. One thing that remains true to this day is that, from all major studies conducted, no two people alike have the exact same brain anatomy. I believe this will remain the case forever, for all organisms with brains or brain-like structures.
